Update main README (#563)
kaiko-ai/eva: README.md

eva {fit,predict,predict_fit} --config url/or/path/to/the/config.yaml 
```

> _`eva`_ employees [jsonargparse](https://jsonargparse.readthedocs.io/en/v4.31.0/) to

Reviewer: employees -> uses

  criterion=nn.CrossEntropyLoss(),
)

# initialize data
data = core.DataModule(
  datasets=core.DatasetsSchema(
    train=datasets.BACH(
      root="data/bach",
      split="train",
      download=True,
      transforms=transforms.ResizeAndCrop(),
    ),
  ),
  dataloaders=core.DataloadersSchema(
    train=core.DataLoader(batch_size=32),
  ),
)

# perform fit
pipeline = core.Interface()
pipeline.fit(trainer, model=model, data=data)
```
</sub>
<td>
<sub>

```yaml
# main.yaml
# execute with: `eva fit --config main.yaml`

---
trainer:
  class_path: eva.Trainer
  init_args:
    max_steps: 100
model:
  class_path: eva.HeadModule
  init_args:
    backbone: torch.nn.Flatten
    head:
      class_path: torch.nn.Linear
      init_args:
        in_features: 150528
        out_features: 4
    criterion: torch.nn.CrossEntropyLoss
data:
  class_path: eva.DataModule
  init_args:
    datasets:
      train:
        class_path: eva.vision.datasets.BACH
        init_args:
          root: ./data/bach
          split: train
          download: true
          transforms: eva.vision.transforms.ResizeAndCrop
    dataloaders:
      train:
        batch_size: 32
```
</sub>
</td>
</tr>
</table>

> So basically the `.yaml` file defines the functionality of _`eva`_

Reviewer: ~So basically the~ -> The

> by parsing and translating its content to python objects directly.

Reviewer: capitalize python -> Python everywhere

Native supported configs can be found at the
[configs](https://github.com/kaiko-ai/eva/tree/main/configs) directory
of the repo, which can be both locally stored or remote.

</details>

## Quick Start

We define two types of training: **online** and **offline**. Online fit involves
using the backbone (also known as FM) to perform forward passes during the
fitting process. In contrast, offline fit entails first generating embeddings

> from the backbone and then fitting the model using these embeddings, resulting in a faster evaluation.

Reviewer: Starting from 2n sentence:

```suggestion
While online fit uses the backbone (FM) to perform forward passes during the
fitting process, offline fit first generates embeddings
with the backbone and then fits the model using these embeddings as input, resulting in a faster evaluation.
```

Author: nice, done

Here are some examples to get you started:

> - Performs a downstream offline **classification** evaluation of `DINO ViT-S/16`

Reviewer: Performs -> Perform (also in 198)

on the `BACH` dataset with linear probing by first inferring the embeddings

> and performing 5 sequential fits:

Reviewer: ... and then performing...

  ```sh
  export DOWNLOAD_DATA=true
  eva predict_fit --config https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaiko-ai/eva/main/configs/vision/dino_vit/offline/bach.yaml
  ```

- Performs a downstream online **segmentation** evaluation of `DINO ViT-S/16` on the
`MoNuSAC` dataset with the `ConvDecoderMS` decoder:
  ```sh
  export DOWNLOAD_DATA=true
  eva fit --config https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kaiko-ai/eva/main/configs/vision/dino_vit/online/monusac.yaml
  ```

> For more examples, please look at the [configs](https://github.com/kaiko-ai/eva/tree/main/configs) and [tutorials](https://kaiko-ai.github.io/eva/dev/user-guide/advanced/replicate_evaluations/).

Reviewer: please look -> take a look
